[train][doc] Document checkpoint_upload_fn (#57742)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/train/user-guides/checkpoints.rst

    :start-after: __checkpoint_upload_mode_no_upload_start__
    :end-before: __checkpoint_upload_mode_no_upload_end__

> If you want to upload the checkpoint manually or with a third-party library like above,

Reviewer: Either way, would be good to clarify. If it's the latter, then this should probably exist in a separate section?

> If you want to upload the checkpoint manually or with a third-party library like above,

Author: Added a note.

> If you want to upload the checkpoint manually or with a third-party library like above,

Author: Makes sense - changed to tabbed.

but still want Ray Train to manage checkpoint upload threads for you, you can pass a
``checkpoint_upload_fn`` to ``ray.train.report``. This function takes the ``Checkpoint``
and ``checkpoint_dir_name`` passed to ``ray.train.report`` and returns the persisted
``Checkpoint``.

.. literalinclude:: ../doc_code/checkpoints.py
    :language: python
    :start-after: __checkpoint_upload_function_start__
    :end-before: __checkpoint_upload_function_end__

> .. note::

Reviewer: nit: Should this be a warning instead?

    In your ``checkpoint_upload_fn``, you should not call ``ray.train.report``, which may
    lead to unexpected behavior. You should also avoid collective operations, such as

>     :func:`~ray.train.report` or ``get_state_dict``, which can easily lead to deadlocks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    In your ``checkpoint_upload_fn``, you should not call ``ray.train.report``, which may
    lead to unexpected behavior. You should also avoid collective operations, such as
    :func:`~ray.train.report` or ``model.state_dict()``, which can cause to deadlocks.
```
